So one of the things that I struggle with the most actually is language.
So one of the sort of clearest connections to a nationality is language.
But English is the only language I really speak fluidly.
And my parents spoke German at home and German was very much the lingua franca of all art.
So our kind of milieu in Cardiff all spoke, well, they were from Poland, Czechoslovakia, Vienna, Germany, Hungary.
All over the place. And many of them were multilingual, but they all spoke German together.
So I've been brought up in a German speaking environment, but I don't really speak German like a native.
And I don't speak Welsh. I don't speak any Hungarian.
And so you feel as though you belong to those identities, but it's very tenuous somehow.
There's something a bit, if you don't actually speak the language, your relationship with the identity is much more tenuous, I think.
And so you feel I feel a bit of a fraud because if I'm in a lift with people who speak Hungarian to each other, I know they're speaking Hungarian.
I can recognize Hungarian, but I can't say anything to them.
I'm Hungarian, mate. But, you know, so you feel as though you're a little bit.
It's all a bit intangible.